they're at it again creating new schemes
to put this digital currency down
instead of declining in price it has
risen to new heights
it has bounced back from a large
correction and continues to rise higher
and higher where will it go from here
you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you before I
get into bitcoins price I want to
discuss some news that came out recently
president Crump signed the new
controversial foreign language bill into
law that had a hidden mandate for the
foreign governments I'm not allowed to
say the names of these governments
because that is controversial to monitor
cryptocurrency circulations as a measure
to combat illicit finance trends
essentially if you're going to do bad
things and you're going to use
cryptocurrencies to do so we will give
you the fullest extent of the law they
don't know how exactly they're going to
be able to do so but they've put it into
a law so that's the first step but
actually a few months ago I covered it
here on this channel back in May they
initially put something in the law we're
talking about virtual currencies and it
got into something else which I thought
was very funny and I mentioned that last
time around that they said when you come
over the border you have to claim your
cryptocurrency and I believe they use
word virtual currency that's how
complete lack of knowledge the
government has and they put that into a
law I mean that's embarrassing but this
is what it is so they've become a little
bit more astute here as the months have
gone on but still not really making any
sense of it you're not going to be able
to track this if it's done properly
there are many ways to do so not the
topic for today perhaps but let's look
at this HR 3 364 enhancement of
intergovernmental cooperation so that's
always a little bit of a dangerous
policy because when you have
government's sharing data which they do
of course but you start to lose
oversight and things get a bit messy so
let's read the highlighted portion here
trend
analysis of emerging illicit finance
threated discussion of and data
regarding trends in illicit finance
including evolving forms value transfers
such as so-called cryptocurrencies other
methods that are computer
telecommunications or internet-based
cybercrime or any of the other threats
that the secretary may choose to
identify so again basically discovering
the fact that if you use
cryptocurrencies you are not able to
easy the law and that's what they're
suggesting they haven't talked about how
they're going to do so how they're going
to attack them
I believe what will happen is that they
will go after the exchanges because the
exchanges work like any other
corporation doing business though so if
you kept your cryptocurrencies with
these exchanges I believe that they will
be considered the assets of that
exchange so it's very dangerous to do so
you need to not have your money with
anyone and the difference between the
banking industry stocks everything else
and crypto currencies is that you
personally you as an individual can hold
on to your own money that's the
difference about it that's what I find
very interesting about it of course it's
all new especially to me and I have just
been reading up on it reading up on
technology about it and find it to be
interesting I think that everyone should
do so read into blockchain technology
how this all works and what I've
understood is that first of all people
do activities which I believe is called
tumbling which you can take your money
and move it to a place in such a way
that it can't be traced after but there
are other cryptocurrency such pasmo
narrow and - I believe it's called where
you can take your money and actually
have it be completely anonymous the
exchanges are really the weakest link
and that's where people's information
goes that's where people put their money
through to exchange between two people
however you don't need to do that in
fact you can actually
lack between two individuals without the
use of these exchanges like this these
public exchanges are there mostly is a
business venture and it makes a lot of
money for the exchange and perhaps for
the people as well but there are other
ways to do so so I suggest highly highly
suggest that people hold their own
private keys so that's the way I want to
mention it there so once again I believe
the government will go off to the
exchanges and now is the time to get any
money that you have there out just use
it if you're going to use it use it for
just a short period of time get your
money out all the money on private keys
look up tumbling I hope I got that term
correctly and then you can maybe get
your way around that I'm not sure
exactly how this will all evolve as time
goes on but you know that the government
wants their hands on every piece that
every everything everything that goes on
the government wants piece of it so
what's the issue though is it really
illicit finance or is it the fact that
they do want they do not want
competition and that is a fact because
you saw there was gold and silver as
well it wasn't too long ago where this
truly sad case I'm going to butcher his
name but Bernhard von Note house he was
convicted and why because he minted a
Liberty dollar saying that he was
counterfeiting you're not allowed to
mint your own currency you're not
allowed to mint your own coins even
though they are not being used in any
way just to have your own coin with your
own stamp on you can't do that if your
government you can do it but you as an
individual don't deserve that right
he wasn't counterfeiting anything he was
creating a Liberty dollar trying to say
look silver is real silver as money you
can use it here we go let's you know
send them
junk there and he was convicted I
actually sent a letter to the judge and
many people were suggested to do so and
unfortunately you know that stack of
letters probably got thrown right in the
garbage but I did what I could
and I mentioned here on the channel
years ago but you know that's just the
way it is anyway so the competition is
the problem and I see that to be a
reason why they're doing this why
they're going this far gold and silver
cryptocurrencies and anything else that
comes in the future they want central
bank currencies financial companies
big-box stores they want a system
created that goes through them the
corporation's the elite they run the
show they don't want you to be a part of
it and then very quickly here look at
the cryptocurrencies how they've risen
considerably in such a short period of
time they are red hot right now
Bitcoin over 4000 at the time of this
video you can see where it has gone in
the last seven days and for those who
don't know what has also happened is
that Bitcoin and Bitcoin cash that the
new one it split off it's called a fork
and that anybody holding Bitcoin at that
given time at that moment was actually
given the same amount a Bitcoin cash so
then those people actually now are
technically worth forty three hundred so
the price has really gone up on Bitcoin
considerably even though that tends to
be the most stable one out of all of
these crypto currencies so it's
interesting to see what happens here as
the market goes toward these more and
more it's very interesting just you know
even if you have no investment in just
just to watch people riding the wave the
total value of all
crypto currencies has also set another
all-time high now 137 billion dollars
it's growing very very fast right now
but when you compare it to something
like this stock market or the bond
market you know that it's very small so
you do see that volatility still so
anybody going into this better be able
to withstand swings of 50 percent and
that is not something to take lightly so
you have to be very very careful of
course we don't know where I my
assumption is that most crypto
currencies that exist today will be gone
at a later date they won't exist
there's too many right now and all of
them have their pros and cons and this
and that but I ultimately think that the
market will decide which ones are
valuable which ones have some use and
you can see that it doesn't really
matter what is important today it
matters about what is important tomorrow
so let's take a look at these see what
happens to it because the prices
continue to go up but the interest in
different establishments corporations
even the banking industry is starting to
get into it I'll cover this more in the
future and touch lightly on it your
opinions on them are always welcome of
course so please let me know in the
comments down below that's all for this
video if you found it informative please
give me a thumbs up and last but not
least if you found the video informative
I know you'll find my books the money
GPS have a new release global economic
collapse even more informative you can
flip through these books at Amazon
there's links in the description below
take care I'm recording this video on
Sunday night actually would be probably
technically Monday morning at this time
and doing so knowing that my videos are
not being approved for monetization some
of them have been some of them that were
initially there or not a problem anymore
I've reached YouTube they've come back
to me and they said that my videos this
is a quote nah
controversial at all I'm going to do a
whole video about this so stay tuned for
that but they said it's not
controversial at all they've admitted
that and I said why are my videos still
being like immediately when I upload
them not even when I make them public so
I don't know what's going to happen I'll
keep in touch with you I don't even know
what I'm going to post this because as
soon as I put it up they're going to say
that is not advertiser friendly so I
don't know what to do I'm just going to
hold these as private videos for now and
I hope that I'll be able to release this
within 24 hours of me recording it
that's all take care thank you very much
for the support that you have given me I
truly appreciate that very much thank
you